Add `Intermediate Global Taiko Showdown 2022` wiki article (#7615)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/GTS/IGTS_2022/en.md

  3. [nitro - ignotus -afterburn- (Sayira) \[Muzukashii\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1729163#taiko/3533834)
- Tiebreaker
  1. **[tokiwa - Memoirs feat. Aitsuki Nakuru (\_Kobii) \[Fapu's Recollection\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/976366#taiko/2043924)**

### Qualifiers

**[Download the mappack here! (32 MB)](https://mega.nz/file/7D5gjSYY#X1nyU0mZ48zV3fJv8V-koG_oZg9aO9YYk7DmGO5LMuU)**

- NoMod
  1. [An - Cochma (Ulqui) \[Quorum's Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1381447#taiko/3319176)
  2. [Warak - Once Upon A Time (Nozdormu) \["Oni"\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1718822#taiko/3512624)
- Hidden
  1. [Memme - Goat Fantasia (Boaz) \[Dream\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1718798#taiko/3512555)
- HardRock
  1. [Getty vs. DJ DiA - Antifront Gears (Faputa) \[Muzukashii\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1043137#taiko/2330893)
- DoubleTime
  1. [Haruka Shimotsuki - Yuuki no Mahou (Kusuhara Yui) \[Muzukashii\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1718836#taiko/3512643)
- FreeMod
  1. [KEiNA - Karen Setsugetsuka (Artethia & Epsilon Remix) (yassu-) \[Oni\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/953713#taiko/2003666)

## Match results

### All Stars

> Sunday, 8 May 2022

Reviewer: missing `:` after each date? (same below)

4. Reschedules will only be considered if both teams agree to a time. This needs to be done and notified to the tournament staff before **Thursday at 23:59 UTC** in the particular week when the match takes place.
5. Reschedules may only be requested **by the team captain**.

### Match regulations

1. A private lobby will be created 10 minutes before a referee starts the match. Both teams' captains will be invited into the room before match time, and the referee or the captains will invite the other players into the room.
2. If no staff or referee is available, the match will be postponed.
3. If less than the minimum required players attend, the maximum time the match can be postponed is **10 minutes**.
4. There is no penalty for not joining the room instantly at match time as long as it is within the postponed time.
5. If neither of both teams have the minimum required players after 10 minutes, it will count as a loss for both teams in Group stage. In the double-elimination bracket, the highest seeded team will advance.
6. The match will be played with Team VS and Score v2, and the name of the room must be: `IGTS 2022: ({Team Red}) vs ({Team Blue})`.

> 7. Each team is allowed one warm-up but it must be **below 3 minutes**, and must be sent to the referee and streamer of the match one hour prior to the match's start time. Otherwise, the team will have no warmups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Each team is allowed one warmup but it must be **below 3 minutes**, and must be sent to the referee and streamer of the match one hour prior to the match's start time. Otherwise, the team will have no warmups.
```

8. Submitting a warmup less than one hour prior to the match will result in no warmup.
9. Each captain has to ban **one beatmap** from the pool (apart from tiebreaker). These beatmaps are not allowed to be picked by any team in the entire match.
10. The captain of each team will roll with the `!roll` command in the chat.
11. The team with the highest roll **bans second and picks first**. The team with the lowest roll **bans first and picks second**.
12. Each captain has 2 minutes to announce their ban. If they do not tell the referee by that time, the ban will be made with a `!roll`.

> 13. Beatmap selection will then alternate between each captain selecting a beatmap out of the map pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
13. Beatmap selection will then alternate between each captain selecting a beatmap out of the mappool.
```

19. A beatmap can be replayed upon a disconnection that happened within 30 seconds of starting. This is only allowed once per team.
20. Failed players' scores do get added to the team score.
21. If the beatmap ends in a draw, the game will be nullified and the map will be replayed.
22. In case of a tie in points (example: 4-4 in BO9) the tiebreaker is selected.

### All Stars rules

1. All Stars is a fun event taking place on the same weekend as the Grand Finals! It will showcase the best players of the tournament playing against each other in a special match.
2. 12 players will participate in this event. They will be decided by a vote.
3. If there are more than 2 players from a country in the top 12 most voted players, only the 2 best will partake in All Stars.
4. The top 2 players will be captains of each team. Their teammates will be decided by the ranking of the next 6 players. The topmost voted player will play with players with an odd number and the second most voted player with players with an even number.
5. The mappool will be made by a special team of mappoolers.
6. The event will be a 4 vs 4 match with the following rules:

>    - Best-of-15 format (First to 8 points).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Best-of-15 format (first to 8 points).
```
